OK.
So we're going to start off with
a complex scene.
So you are about to see a
complex scene. Imagine you are
describing the scene to someone
who cannot see the picture.
Describe what is happening.
What is happening and what you
see in the scene as thoroughly
as possible. And then with
complex scenes we ask that you
take between 3 to 5 minutes to
describe them and I will pull it
up now.
So will you be timing me or
should I time myself or I'll
have a timer just to keep us on
track so that that's fine?
OK.
Is this a where's Waldo? Yes,
some of them. Some of them are,
but so just describe what you
see in the scene and what is
happening.
So is this the same scene?
Is there's because there's a
white line down the middle.
Yeah, we just, it's, it's like
on the pages. Yeah. It was a
book. So when we scanned it,
yeah, it like kind of weirdly
overlaps a little bit. Yeah. OK.
#START_dinasours_spacemen_and_ghouls
This is a picture of it's lots
of bright colors with lots of
people, and it looks like it
goes. It's a picture on the left
side of the beginning of
mankind.
You have.
Prehistoric creatures like.
Stegosaurus dinosaurs and
brontosaurus dinosaurs and
Cavemen.
Wearing fur.
Jackets and.
Kind of like toga type things,
but made of fur. And there are
some Cavemen climbing up what
looks like a volcano with lava
flying out and there are a
couple Cavemen.
On top of the lava flying
through the air with, one has a.
A typical caveman wooden stick
that he beats the animals with.
And then there are just.
OK, so it looks like this might
be part of a movie.
Film a movie scene because below
the main picture where there are
all the Cavemen and dinosaurs.
There are there's two rooms
where they're doing makeup and
they're setting up the scene
with a big star over it and
there are doors going in and out
of the scene.
Umm, so that's one part of it.
And then the second part, um on
the same page in the right hand
corner and they're also doing a
scene with uh mummies where
they're.
I guess it must have to do with.
Some part of the scary.
Some part of a scary movie with
mummies and bats and.
They have people getting mummies
ready and they're teaching them
how to walk, but there's still
some dinosaurs in that part of
the show too.
So it's a little bit confusing,
but that's page the left side of
the page. On the right side of
the page we've moved up to a
scene where there are. We're out
in space at on some spaceship,
and now there are green
Martians. Looks like maybe we're
on Mars. Again, it's also part
of a movie they have.
They have big spotlights that
are.
Focused on the movie, on this,
on the scene. It's also a
backdrop. They have this.
Screen that's dropping down with
the backdrop with spaceships and
astronauts, and the spaceships
are pink with little green
aliens inside them, kind of with
a glass bubble on top. And then
there's like a a ship looking,
like a boat looking thing that's
flying in the air.
And.
There are.
Looks like the directors on on
standing there telling them how
to act. The astronauts and,
astronauts and the the Green
Martians are.
Co-mingling together on in the
scene and there's a I see
somebody has a microphone pole
there so that they can hear the
dialogue.
Um, and there's a painter
painting the backdrop as well.
He's got a blue paint brush and
he's painting the the scene of
the the stars and the moon in
the sky where the.
The spaceships are flying and.
Then below the spaceship scene
you have.
A group of people that I really
can't see very well.
They're in a room. Some people
are looks like eating lunch or
something. Maybe they're the
crew that's taking a break while
the filming is going on and.
And then that's pretty much it,
but it looks like it's just
seems in progress of history.
Where you have the spaceman.
Where you have the the
prehistoric Cavemen, the
dinosaurs, and then you have a
scary movie that's being filmed
with mummies and monsters and.
Lots of movie things like
spotlights and filming cameras
and microphone stands, and then
you have a scene where they have
a where the crew is getting
their food and everybody's
getting fed during the filming
of the scenes.
The end.
#END_dinasours_spacemen_and_ghouls
Thank you. Let's see what we
have next.
OK, Next is a short story I'll
pull up the directions for.
Short stories.
OK.
So for short stories, you're
going to look at a series of
pictures to tell a story.
Imagine you were telling the
story to someone who cannot see
the pictures. Describe what you
see and what is happening as you
go through the story, and then
I'll let you know how many pages
each story is also.
Uh, when you're done describing
a page, you could ask me to
like, flip to the next page, OK?
OK.
Let me pull it up now.
OK.
Actually there.
What's going into the bubble?
What is that?
Um, so you have to just describe
what you think it is. I mean
this, this book is also some of
the stuff is kind of
imaginative, so you kind of just
have to give a name to it.
OK.
No clue. I wouldn't even start.
OK. Umm.
6 some kind of tiny OK so.
Umm.
#START_arrival_6 I'm going to
tell you a story of a.
A man.
New.
Decides to write a note and send
some money to his.
His wife and children. He has to
be away from home working
because he was unable to find a
job.
And then on his table, there was
a pot.
And that little dragon flew into
the pot.
Because it was just sitting
there and and there was a can't.
It's it's.
I think the pot was on the
window sill, but anyway, the man
is is.
And flew into the pot and
decided to make it its home
while the man was writing a
letter.
And it's he's looking out a
window in this pot is sitting on
the window sill, and on the same
desk with the man is sitting
writing the letter. He has an
inkwell because he's using an
old ink pen and a gas Lantern.
A kerosene Lantern. The story's
taking place in about the 1920s,
maybe 1900s, early 1900s.
So he finishes his ladder and he
decides to, rather than just do
a regular folding, he does a
makes a beautiful bird that kind
of looked like the bird that
flew into the pot.
Out of his letter, because he
thought that his children would
enjoy it. So he finishes his
letter and he folds it up and
into this beautiful bird and he
slips it inside the envelope
with.
Lots of money. All the money
that he made while he's been
away. And then he fixes a stamp.
He licks the envelope and fixes
a stamp to it.
And he has an interesting pet.
That looks like the little pig,
but it has a long tail, so maybe
it's a shark that got legs and
has a couple ears and it's white
and he gathers his little pig
shark.
And takes them for a walk out.
He walks down the steps from his
apartments and on the street he
meets.
A nice woman who has an
interesting iguana in her
basket.
And he asks her directions to.
How to mail his letter.
And she points in the direction
of where he should go, and he
and his little.
pet shark Walk to the mailbox.
That has all kinds of
instructions on how to open the
mail. He has to press a few
buttons and it's a very strange
looking mailbox. But he seems to
understand what he needs to do
and he presses the button, turns
the key and he looks up because
as he does those things.
And he put his letter in, the
mailbox floats into the air. I
guess when he turned the.
The key, a balloon.
Came up and lifted up the.
Mailbox, and now his letter is
on its way.
And he and his little pig shark.
Walk home through the forest.
You can turn the page.
And that's an.
In half and one side falls to
one part of the of the ground,
and the other side falls to the
other, and out of the leaf grows
this beautiful flower.
And it's the same flower that
that was on the stamp that he
put on the letter that he mailed
to his wife and children. And
these flowers grow in the wind,
in the snow, and it grows to
this beautiful bright
Wheel that looks like a little.
Dandelion thing that you can
blow and the seeds blow
everywhere, and so the seeds
come off of it and underneath
the seeds there's another
beautiful.
A flower, but it looks more like
it's a red flower and on that
flower.
The seeds are growing or holes
are growing in the flower.
And.
Umm.
Maybe.
{Sorry, this isn't really a
story I'm trying to figure out
as I go along.} The flower
starts to get eaten away and the
petals are starting to drop and
it's becoming a beautiful.
Like the the veins of the flower
are starting to show.
Umm.
And it's becoming a A. It's just
that the.
Almost like a sketch. A
beautiful sketch of the flower.
And so it's made a progression
from a leaf to this flower
that's. The snow is falling and
beginning to cover it up.
Um.
OK, on the page.
And.
After the flower scene, we find
ourselves in a in a futuristic
society.
With these big.
Buildings and it looks very
industrial. Smokestacks and lots
of steam coming out of them and
ships flying through the air
and.
Trees on roofs that look like.
Pine trees on roofs.
And it's very snowy and it looks
like a cold day.
Some people are in the street
and lots of strange.
Mosquito type animals but
bigger, like a dragon mosquito's
flying through the air.
Umm.
And.
It's a very cold place with.
Lots of pointed buildings and
wheels and.
Machines flying in the air and
the colors are mostly black and
white and Gray. There's lots of
snow on the ground.
And buildings with big pots on
them and.
Yeah. OK, you can turn the page.
But that's where the man lives.
And he is.
Found himself.
Living in the city that he had
to come to to find a job, it's
very different from what he's
used to and he misses his family
so much. And so he's sitting on
his bed in his little apartment
surrounded by these big pieces
of pottery and his little desk
that has this kerosene lamp,
staring at his family and
missing them very much.
And then he.
Outside his window.
We see this little dragon
mosquito that flew into his.
Pot.
It has now laid some eggs and
the babies are hungry and the
mother is bringing it food and
there are three little birds.
Bird mosquito Dragons in this
little pot.
And she's feeding them and.
As he's sitting there looking at
his family, he sees her feeding
his.
Her little babies.
And.
Surrounding him in his room is
his laundry hanging.
In on the lines that he's.
Hung in his room, and his shoes
are by his bed.
And his little pig shark is
sitting on the bed beside him
with his little tail wrapped
around the man.
And and again, he's sitting
there missing his family as he
looks at their picture, but he
is surrounded by his books, and
so I guess that's what keeps him
busy, aside from work.
And so.
The little pig shark suddenly
wakes up.
And hears a noise.
And jumps off the bed and and
the man.
Sees that he.
Has gone and looks around to see
him going down through the floor
down a ladder.
So the man follows him and.
There on the floor is a letter
that came through the door.
And the little pig shark looks
at the man and.
Wants him to pick up the letter
and the man opens the letter and
his little bird came back.
Umm.
And he's so happy that he gets
to read his letter and he's
looking up in the sky to see
where the mail came from.
So he looks out his window.
And that's good. Yeah. We can
turn the page.
And so the last page is is a
picture of.
Various parts of the various
pages and parts of the scene
that we just learned about. One
of the pictures is of the little
creature that he folded and put
in the envelope.
Another of the pictures is of.
Probably one of the things that
he did for his work.
And then there's a picture of
his hat and towel on a hook, and
a bowl of food that.
Or plants and vegetables that he
would eat and another picture
is.
Of the different kinds of
machines and things that were
flying in the air with clouds
and smoke coming out of them.
And the sixth picture, there
there are 9 pictures.
in this big square, 9 different
pictures that form a square. So
the the six picture is one of.
More metal pieces of.
Machinery that might be, looks
like a coffee maker, and that
gives him his coffee and his
newspaper every morning. And
then there's a picture of him
and his wife and his daughter.
And he's having memory of him
giving his daughter.
Some coins to go pick him up
some bread from the store.
The end.
Family has come to visit him and
the little pig monster's so
happy because his daughter is
now here and he can play with
her and he's he is handing his
daughter some money to go and
get some ice cream.
And he's and they're having.
Lunch so this he's telling her
to go get some ice cream for
dessert and he's surrounded by
all of the.
Pictures that his little girl
drew for him and.
The dishwasher that looks like a
little container, but it
actually can wash his dishes.
And the flowers that grew in the
field are now in a vase in his
room, and his wife and his
daughter and he are so happy to
be together and he's telling her
to.
Holding up his hands, he has
three fingers up so.
The little girl knows that she
needs to go and buy 3 ice creams
for herself and her mom and her
dad. So she puts on her boots
because it's still snowing out
and the little pig monster
gives, pig shark gives her her
Hut and she puts it on and they
run outside together to go and.
get
The ice cream. But as the
running down the steps and
through the streets, they come
across these beautiful lights
laying in the street and she
points to them and picks them
up.
One by one and they float and
they light up and float up into
the air. #END_arrival_6
Turn, please.
Yeah.
And let me see what's next.
The next is another short story.
Do you want me to start? OK.
#START_arrival_5 Once Upon a
time, there was.
A city.
In a faraway land that was like
no other city that you've ever
seen.
The people in this city loved
owls, and owls and other birds
were everywhere. They were. They
were made of clay and they sat
on top of the buildings and they
were huge.
And the owls that were sitting
on the buildings.
Had
Open heads that the birds and
owls other owls would.
Live in.
And they this.
This little city was on an
island, and the only way you
could get to this island was by
boat.
And.
As you came up from the water,
there was a landing where you
could put your boat. After you
landed, you would carry your
boat up to the walk.
And so there were boats for
many.
People who lived in the city and
they just loved their bird and
especially the owls that sat on
top of their buildings, these
big, big concrete owls and.
So the people that lived in this
city.
Had a very unusual life, they.
Umm.
They.
Made fantastic.
fantastical images, so unusual.
Their cats were a cone with a
cat head on it, and their pets
were little pigs that had long
tails that look like sharks and.
One family owned a cat.
That they would take out for a
walk and.
As.
Dad decided one day to send his.
Or the mom decided one day to
send her son to take some gifts
to a friend, and so she handed
him a bowl.
Of food and told him to take
this food to a friend of theirs.
And so he he left and.
So did the dad.
And they all went.
To visit this other family, but
as the little boy left.
Another man came to visit his
mom and.
Dad and they shared a drink
together and they were going to
have some squid for lunch and so
the mom cut up the squid and
cooked it in this little
interesting.
Oven and.
Seasoned it with butter, melted
butter and we can turn the page.
And they all enjoyed.
Their meal.
Of wild seafood.
That.
And the way that they cook their
seafood was they had a a fire
extinguisher.
extinguisher that shot out fire
tongs and shoot the fire at it
and that would cook it so that
they could eat it. And the
little boy loved to feed his
shark pig pet and his little cat
pet.
That they love this seafood
also, so they.
Enjoy taking scraps from the
table that the little boy fed
him while his dad and his mom
talked and his the guest cooked
the food. So they had a good
time, a good meal, they had some
wine and they ate their seafood,
and then they decided that it
was time to play some music, so
they got out their
Crazy. Crazy.
Instruments and played the
little horn along with the
accordion that had horns coming
from it and a little banjo, and
they made.
I can't think of the Japanese
where they folded the papers and
made.
Cool designs with their paper
folding.
And the man made-up made a
folding of the cat, the little
boy's cat.
Which he gave to the little boy
as a gift.
And.
The mom and the dad, as he was
leaving, pulled out a bowl and
were handing the bowl. You can
turn the page.
Pulled out a bowl.
And handed the man.
The same bowl that the that the
birds.
That the bird had her family in,
but it was empty because the
birds had flown away, and now
the man had brought the bowl in
and he gave it to their friends,
who took it home and put it on
his window sill.
And he also had a pig shark pet.
And who he loved to have sleep
by him.
And so he went to sleep after
his wonderful meal with his
friends.
But then when he woke up, he got
ready and.
Got ready, ate his breakfast and
fed his little pig shark and.
Got his jacket on and that his
little pet handed him his hat.
Change, Turn the ship, turn the
page.
And off to work he went.
With all.
All the hundreds of other people
heading to work, but it was an
interesting society because as I
said, they love their pets and
they love their birds and so
everybody brought their pets to
work.
And.
A very creative they love to
take care of everything around
them and.
They did many different jobs,
some, some.
People clean the sidewalks.
Some people.
Cooked and fed the animals.
Some people sold their.
Sold food to the people that
lived in the city. Some people
created art and dishes and.
Some people painted beautiful
art on the walls and.
And so the man walked through
the city and and enjoyed all the
views of the different people
doing different things.
And.
It looks like he was.
Look, walking through the city
asking for people to wear.
Could they tell him where his
birds went?
And he stopped at the the the
bakery and they said no we we
didn't see them here and he
stopped at the at the pottery
place and.
They said no, we didn't see them
here. We don't have what you're
looking for.
And so he.
Wasn't able to find what he was
looking for.
And the the pilots of all of the
the planes or the the ships that
flew in the sky.
Um, they couldn't help him
either. #END_arrival_5
This is a terrible sport.
Date.
No.
OK, if you need like a 3 minute
break to grab water, go to the
bathroom. You could do so now.
If not, we could keep going.
It's up to you. I'm just going
to pull up.
Yes.
All right.
This one is just a complex
scene, so.
That's.
Should I just start describing?
Yes.
So this is 1 where I'm just
describing the scene, right?
Yeah, OK, OK.
#START_wild_west So.
This is a two-
Sided picture.
On the left side of the picture.
Well, the whole picture itself
is about the wild, Wild West.
And in this picture, there's
chaos. There are.
All kinds of Western characters.
There are, and all kinds of
colors. It's very bright. The
city has a jail. It's it's.
It's a.
It's. In the picture, there are
a number of Wild West things
that you would typically see.
There's a hotel, there's a
saloon.
Where all the guys are coming
out the windows, where were they
going and buy their food.
There's a jail where all the
people from the saloon that are
drunk are stuck or they're, you
know, having their battles on
the street. There are stamps
that have.
Instead of real Buffalo or yeah,
steer coming down the street,
coming down the dusty.
Road. There are stamps of them.
Maybe it's supposed to say that,
pretend it's like a Stampede of.
Buffalo.
Walking down the Main Street of
this little Wild West town.
And another part of the scene is
the entrance to gold mines where
you have more people coming and
going in one place, the miners
are going into the gold mine and
and and and another right next
door, they're coming out of the
gold mine as they finish their
shift.
And there are there are two
scenes. One has.
One, there are actually two
roads, and on each road, they
have the exact same
Umm.
Set up where they have a saloon
and a hotel.
One is the last saloon and the
other is the Wild West saloon.
So it's and there's horses in
there and there are ladies with
their gentlemen. There are crazy
Cowboys.
There are people falling off
roofs and.
Yeah. And so that's on the left
side of the page. Oh, I see some
covered wagons there. Other
things that you would see in a
in a typical Wild West scene.
And then on the next page it's
very similar but the.
The setup is that it the the
city, the town goes.
It's the vertical, not
horizontal, so it's on top of
each other. You have this, this,
this scene in the road where
there's a new. The train is
coming into this, into the
depot.
So people are standing there
waiting.
But you also see the inside of
the saloon, where there's
fighting and.
Cowboys are falling over the
banisters and.
You see them up on the roof,
climbing on the roof and having
a good time.
Looks like they may even be
robbing a bank and they've got
bags of money in their hands.
Umm.
And so the bank is on top of the
saloon.
One of the saloons and.
There are a couple saloons
beside the bank where there are
they put a big cannon.
Umm.
And then behind that or I guess
it's either behind or on top, I
can't tell, is another road
where they are.
Climbing some ladders and
there's a blacksmith there.
Doing horseshoes, making
horseshoes for a horse.
And.
A couple more saloons.
And then there's a big picture
of a desert with some.
Cactus in it and.
One of the Cowboys is riding his
horse through the picture into
and riding off into the sunset.
And people are watching him do
that.
Umm.
So Yep, it's a big Western
scene, old wild Wild West. And
it's pretty wild. #END_wild_west
Let me see what we have next.
OK, NEXT is another short story.
#START_arrival_4 So we left off
with the man looking and
searching for.
The thing he had lost, but he
was able to make his way home
and after being spending the day
walking around the city, the
Dark City where all kinds of
industrial smoke and dirt had
been, he decided to take a
shower. And so he took a shower.
And he.
Gave himself a shave and he
decided that he was going to go
out again and make his way out
into the city and try to search
for the thing that he had lost
or was looking for again. So he
took a shower, shaved, got on
his clothes, buttoned his vest,
tied his shoes.
Made sure he had enough money.
Um for transits. And then he put
on his hat and.
Pulled up the map out of his
pocket and wanted to make sure
he knew where he was going.
And he made sure that his little
pig shark was with him because.
They were friends and they went
everywhere together. So as he
stood looking at his map, his
pig shark was sitting by his
feet.
And then they decided to go off
into the city and they walked a
long way into the city.
And.
He kept looking at the map
because he just for some reason
he couldn't understand.
Which direction he was supposed
to be going, and he couldn't
really figure out where the
place was that he needed to be.
Um.
So he found his way to the
subway station in the train
station.
And as he was standing there, if
you look around, he's, the train
station was under this huge
bridge with big arches and.
Flying through those arches were
big ships that would normally.
Be in the water, but these were
flying through the air and big
cones of metal that were
standing on the train platform
and people were wandering around
and lots of.
Those prehistoric birds that
would were flying probably also
made of metal.
And this was all happening. Lots
of animals wandering around,
strange looking animals that
had.
Had tails and.
Triangular faces and.
But he didn't seem to notice
them because he was looking at
his map.
We can turn the page.
But there was one thing that he
did suddenly notice, and that
was when his little pink shark
met a little.
Strange bird.
That looks like it had two.
Peaks on its ears. It looks like
an owl.
Umm but.
It's hard to describe.
Except that it had these two.
Big pointed ears that were about
the same size of his body.
Anyway, his little pet pig shark
started, started talking to this
bird, and then he noticed that
the bird belonged to a woman.
And he started talking to the
woman. He asked her, do you know
where this place is? He was
looking for directions, so he
showed her his map.
And.
She was able to locate what it
was he was asking about and she
showed him.
That she could, he could
actually call and ask someone
about it. So she took him over
to the phone, the payphone, and
showed him how to use it.
But then what he realized is it
wasn't a pay phone. It was
actually where he could get a
ticket to take his to to catch
one of the boats that was flying
through the air.
Because he wasn't really sure
how to do that. He knew that he
was at the right place, but he
needed to.
Get the ticket to take him where
he needed to go so she was able
to help him and she got his
ticket for him and.
With the other passengers on
the.
Station waiting for his boat to
come, and as he watched, a large
ship headed towards the crowd
and as they stood there, it came
lower and lower and it landed.
And it resembled one of those
steamboats that that you can see
running up and down the
Mississippi River with the
smokestacks and the the steam
wheels. And the wheels actually
look like the little flowers
that.
He saw when he was visiting his
family that he had dinner with
the other night, so he and his
little pig shark
Walk with the crowd to get on
the boat. The The the sky boat
and the ticket taker.
Takes his ticket and stamps it.
And shows him.
Where he should walk to get onto
the boat.
Next page.
The man, even though the boats
crowded, he finds a seat and he
and his pet pig shark sit next
to the woman who helped him get
the tickets. And they sit, and
they have a nice conversation,
but he looks like he's confused
and he's still trying to find.
You know.
Trying to figure out where he
can find what he's looking for.
So he's talks to the woman and
he says, you know, I think.
Maybe you can help me. You were
so kind to help me get the
ticket. Maybe you can help me
find this person that I'm
looking for. And so he pulls a
picture, a piece of paper out of
his pocket, and he holds up a
piece of paper that has a
picture of.
A young girl on it and he shows
the woman.
Umm.
The picture, and she looks at it
and she puts her hand to her.
To her throat and she's
surprised and she reaches into
her bag and she pulls out a
picture and her picture is of a
little girl.
But his picture is of a little
boy.
But for some reason they think
that they have something in
common.
And so they go back. So this
little.
This little girl that.
Is in the on the paper of the
woman has a story.
And her story is that she.
Loved to read and.
One day when she was reading,
someone took her book from her
and put it away.
And locked it up and made her.
Work instead. Even though she
loved to read and and made her
work all day, putting coal in
the fire and feeding the fire
all day long, that was her job.
Even though she loved to read
and her her talent was for.
Umm.
Reading and education. But she
was forced to go into labor and
and keep the fires burning and
it was a dirty job and and it
was a hard job. And she did it
in the in the hot, in the heat,
in the rain and the snow and.
Not only did she have to keep
the fire going, but she had to
clean out the the the smokestack
and that was very a very dirty
job.
And there were many girls like
her.
They were.
Keeping the energy going in the
house, in in the city by feeding
the.
The furnaces throughout the
city.
But it made her so sad. She'd
come home every day and just cry
because really all she wanted to
do was read.
But one day she was able. The
person who was keeping her
captive had gone, and she was
able to.
Break into the drawer where her
book was kept, and had found
that he.
And unlocked the door and took
her book and ran away. She ran
to the train station and found a
a car that had an open door.
And.
Hid herself on the door and
waited for the train to leave.
And she left it all behind. So
her life of hardship and and of
Labor.
Give it away for a future that
she didn't know about, but that
she knew that she really wanted
because she had her book.
And as she was making her way to
her new future, the man who was
searching for someone was on
his.
Boat ship,
Flying through the air, heading
to a destination that he wasn't
sure of, but he knew that this
woman could help him, and so
they were traveling together,
both with their pets.
And.
The the the announcement came
that that the boat ship was
landing and it was time to
disembark. So the boat landed
and he thanked the woman for all
of her help and he and his pet
pig shark walked away.
And as he got off the boat into
this new place.
He looked.
Across the the landscape and saw
a huge.
Concrete statue of.
A creature.
That.
Had a flat head with some ears
sticking out and all kinds of
bowl shaped things
at the base of it.
And lots of concrete ramps.
Leading up to it.
And it was a city of concrete
and cones and.
One of the wheels that was the.
Of the steam wheel was also part
of the landscape of this part of
the city as well.
So he stood at the top of the
steps and thought, how do I get
there? How do I get to this huge
concrete structure? {You can
turn the page.}
So he and his little pet walked
through the streets.
Looking at the different people.
Watching what people were doing
and trying to learn how people
were living in this part of the
the in this part of the world.
They had their interesting
different foods they were able
to.
Buy food.
Looking through little windows
and they had their interesting
pets.
And he didn't speak their
language, but he did have a book
that showed him what they were.
You know, that showed him how to
communicate, so he was able to
see, you know, ask for food and
ask for the things that you
needed.
And little shark, pig shark was
also able to figure these things
out. He seemed like a really
smart pet, and he helped the man
find the things that he needed.
And so he went and opened a
drawer that contained these
little bulbs that had tails
that.
The man was looking for and.
The.
Turns out.
The friends that he made and had
dinner with before he left.
were also traveling to the city
and.
Have that, and so the man, his
friends
Friends from the other night
showed him what he XX
And so.
The.
The man showed him.
How he could get, how he could
get what he wanted. And this man
wanted a.
Squash. So he put the money in
and pressed a few buttons, and
out came his squash and.
He let the, he let his friends
who was searching for things
smelled the squash and his son
offered him a bowl that he could
take the squash. And he decided
that the squash would be better
than a than a loaf of bread. So
he took the bowl and the squash
and they said, you know, they
pointed him in the direction
.
And and they offered. They
showed him a myriad of
different.
Types of food and and all kinds
of new things that they could.
That he could.
Try in this new part of the
world.
And so they gave him a little
shrimp thing and squids and all
kinds of interesting snakes with
bulbs on top and delicious
tomato looking fruits and.
All kinds of interesting
animals, so they filled up his
bowl. They even.
Fed his pig shark pet.
He sampled some of them, some of
the interesting types of food,
and they filled up his bowl. And
the little boy whispered
something in his dad's ear, and
his father put his arm around
the man and.
Said you know what?
We want to take, we want you to
have all these good things and
we will walk with you to help
you take them to your next stop.
And so the little boy pointed in
the direction they were heading,
and he and his father and the
man who was traveling with his
peak shark.
Walked towards the boat.
So that the man could continue
on his journey.
So they walked. They found a
boat.
That had.
A piece of pottery on it.
And in the pottery was.
A scary animal. It startled the
man and jumped back because he
had never seen the, a tail or
whatever this was.
But.
Once the.
Once the little boy and the his
father showed him what actually
was in the the pottery.
The man was much more intrigued
and interested in what it was,
and it was a beautiful, exotic
looking.
Creature with almond shaped eyes
and it looked like a cat, but it
had a long dragon tail with
spikes and it was a friendly
animal. It wasn't a scary animal
and it was the boy's pet and the
man was really.
Excited to to see such a
wonderful exotic animal and they
laughed and and even the man's
pig shark pet got along with
this beautiful little cat.
Lizard. So the cat lizard and
the pig shark played together
and enjoyed each other's company
and the man.
Thanked the father for all he
had done for him. And then he
drew a picture. He took out his
book in his journal where he was
looking, and he drew a picture
of some houses and.
Something that he was searching
for and he showed it to the
father and the the father.
Looked at it and said I think I,
I think I know what you're
looking for, he said. I've seen
that, I've seen it. And he
looked up and he said he thought
that he had seen it before.
And so.
The, the, the the picture gets
closer and closer to the father.
It and it.
It shows his face, then it shows
his eye with a reflection of
something that looked like
flames in his eyes as he was
looking up into the sky.
#END_arrival_4 Turn the page.
Let me see what we have next.
OK.
OK, next we have a complex
scene.
Yeah.
OK.
#START_exhibit_12 We are looking
at a beautiful, colorful scene
of a museum.
Where
There are many paintings.
Of.
All different kinds of people.
There are flowers, there are
people, there are animals.
Umm.
And it's three stories high. And
between each story there are
steps. So.
The the people who come into the
gallery.
Can go up steps and many of them
are carrying big photographs up
the steps, probably to hang them
up. There is some room on some
of the walls on the 3rd and the
2nd floor of the of the gallery,
and the walls of the gallery are
red and.
The the rail. There's a railing
at the top of each gallery
that's white, and there are lots
of people standing around the
the railings, looking over to
the floor below and.
In some of the in some of the
picture there are.
Painters painting pictures.
There are people stealing
pictures. The police are coming
in to arrest people who are
stealing pictures.
And it's a, it's just a picture
of.
Hundreds of people from all over
the world and from all different
cultures.
There are people from South
America, there's someone with
under a palm tree, there are
Asian people and.
There are.
Martian people.
It's just a huge room full of as
many crazy looking. There's a.
A man climbing up a ladder from
ancient Rome with a helmet on
his head. And there's a there's
some man who looks like he came
from Alaska with the big fur
coat and.
There's there's a big painting
of looks like.
A knight in shining armor on a
horse.
From the Renaissance period.
There are every.
Picture on the walls have a
frame around it. Some, some of
them have ornate gold frames and
others are just plain.
plain frames.
In different shapes, diamonds
and hearts. And there's a
picture of a shark on the wall
with a pink frame around it. And
actually there's it looks like
it.
It was.
A picture of a shark in a tank
in the wall and the and the
water is leaking out of the tank
down the wall.
There's a beautiful pink flower
and an Oval shaped frame on the
wall and there are two looks
like Romeo and Juliet pictures
in heart-shaped frames.
Umm.
And it's just a big crowd of
people taking pictures off the
wall, putting pictures on the
wall.
On the walls and walking up and
down the steps to each of the
different levels of the.
Gallery. #END_exhibit_12
Let's see what's next.
OK, next we have a short story.
#START_arrival_3 So as the man.
Finds his way through the city.
With his.
Suitcase that that his friends
gave to him.
He sees all kinds of people.
He's just looking around at the
scenes. There's a young man with
a poster and newspapers under
his arm that has some of that
strange writing that the man
doesn't understand. And there's
a woman with another interesting
cat with a very long tail.
That kind of looks like a possum
tail. Probably they can hang
from a tree with that.
And there's a man selling
peanuts and coffee at a, at a
wheeled vendor stand. And he has
an interesting pet that looks
like an iguana iguana sitting in
a basket on the on his little
cart.
And there are. There's a man and
a woman loading big eggs into a
a wooden basket with straw in it
to to keep them safe. And
there's a Barber giving a shave
to a a a man on a on a stool
with snails crawling and crabs
crawling all around the grounds.
Some are big, some are small.
And there's the woman.
Reading from a book as her
friend knits and another child
sits with a Bunny sitting in her
lap and there's some men playing
an accordion instrument that has
a Big Horn coming out of it and
someone playing a violin.
With some.
Interesting looking birds
standing around listening to the
music, and he's looking at all
of these scenes and wondering
where am I?
How do I get home?
Then he takes out his watch.
And he because he's he's worried
about the time.
And he, he looks at his clock,
and then he looks up at a clock
that he sees in the main square
where all these people are and
all these scenes that he was
watching.
And he notices that the clock
doesn't really look like his
clock, and so he's a little
confused as to what time it is.
So he starts to wander through
the city and he's wandering and
he's walking with his suitcase,
but he seems to also have lost
his little pet.
Pig shark pet.
And um
He must have left him with the
the man and his son.
Earlier in the day when he got
the boat.
So anyway, as he's walking
through the city.
These.
Very.
Very fluffy white lights start
dropping from the sky. They look
like snowflakes, but they light
up.
And.
he's wondering what they are.
But then a gust of wind blows
and it blows his hat off and it
blows all the little fluffy
white lights away.
And he chases his hat and he
finds it laying on the ground
and he picks it up. But as he
picks it up, he notices that
there are arrows, words, in
fact. And so he looks at those
arrows and words. And then he
looks at his book that he's
carrying, and he tries to make
sense of whether or not this is
another clue as to where he
needs to be and how he's to get
home.
So as he's looking at his book
as a.
As a traveler would look at
their map.
A man touches him on the
shoulder and says, can I help
you?
And he starts explaining to the
man. This man.
Comes from somewhere in the
Middle East. He has a a turban
looking thing on his head and a
white.
Tunic.
On. He says, can I help you? And
the man starts explaining to him
what he's looking for and the
the man in the tunic.
Says, well, show me what you
you, you know, try to show me.
So the the man with the book,
who's lost, draws a picture of
his bed with his window.
That he.
And his apartment that he's
looking for, and the man in the
tunic raises his finger and
says.
Aha, I know what you're talking
about. And he points him in the
right direction, in a direction.
He says go this way.
And as the man in the tunic
walks away.
The man with the suitcase
looking for his apartment sees a
that he's carrying.
An interesting animal.
Like an aardvark on his back in
a little basket.
And he's just adding all the
strange things that he's seen
them so. #END_arrival_3
Front page.
Let me pull up the next.
OK, Next is a complex scene.
#START_airport Picture, if
you've ever been to an airport,
picture.
Every part of an airport on this
scene that you're looking at.
There is the.
Main area of the airport, the
tarmac where you have the planes
parked and the fuel train, the
fuel trucks.
Part.
And the luggage
Truck's parked and the luggage
is strewn all over the the.
The tarmac area. There are
people everywhere, people
disembarking from the plane.
The plane is parked on the
tarmac, so they're coming down a
set of steps and walking down on
the tarmac into the building.
And as they're doing that, the
the luggage guys are unloading
the luggage into the baggage
carts and there is a fire truck
coming and it's squirting people
by accident.
And there are 12345.
6, 7 different planes.
In the picture and.
The one plane has arrived,
people are getting off. The
other. The the in another part
of the picture there's a bus
with people getting on that will
take them to their plane.
And.
So it's just a very chaotic
scene of people at an airport
doing what people do, from
working at the airport to
working the forklift and lifting
up the cargo that will go into
the cargo hold of the plane.
There's also men putting in the
the food, the food service into
the plane. There's a big square
of.
Food that's going into the rear
of a plane, the same plane that
the people are getting off of.
It's being restocked.
Umm, there's also an interesting
little biplane there that has a
card sticking out where the
normally the pilot would sit.
There's a ace of spades card
that's sitting in the pilot
seat.
And there is.
Something I've never seen
before, a plane where the nose
of the plane opens up and.
I guess cargo. They're putting
cargo in there. There's also an
hot air balloon in the scene.
There's a dirigible, there's a,
a
What's it called? The SST jets?
The the high speed jet that is
no longer working that came from
England.
And there's a rocket ship.
So anything that you can imagine
that flies. There's even a
spaceship here in this picture.
It's they're all milling about
or flying through the sky. And
there's there's a there is a
circus plane that's loading
elephants onto it.
Umm.
And.
Somebody dropped a huge shoe
onto the grassy area of the
tarmac and there are several
country flags.
Great Britain and the US flag
and the French flag and the
German flag.
And maybe the Italian flag or.
Irish flag.
And then you get into the inside
part, where there's the baggage
claim, but there's also going
through security with. They
stopped a man that has knives
and his coat.
Lots of knives or watches or, I
think they're watches.
It's uh, he was trying to either
steal or sell.
And there are people just
waiting around, standing around
waiting for their flight to
leave. There's a couple.
Flight attendants and.
And I think that's pretty much
it. #END_airport
OK.
OK, NEXT is another complex
scene.
OK.
#START_picture_this This is a
bulletin board.
Where someone has hung.
About 100 pictures. There's
small pictures and and medium
sized pictures of all different
kinds of.
I want to say.
Interesting.
Some of them are sports.
But it's hard to say.
I'll just describe some of the
pictures.
There is a knight with a knife,
with a sword and a.
Oh.
A thing that you know for
protection. A shield. There's a
camel in a picture. There's
another night. There's a 2
headed fish, a head on each
side. There's some sumo
wrestlers. There's a man being
scared by a dinosaur head. His
glasses are popping off and he's
or maybe it's a woman, I don't
know. There's a backpacker with
a blue knapsack on his back.
There's.
A red dog fish that looks like
it came out of a.
A.
not Charles Schultz.
Seuss, Doctor Seuss book.
Is a little mum.
Mummy.
a mummy dog. There's a man with
his hand on a.
A palm tree.
And it's he's bent it in half
and.
Things are flying out of the
palm tree. There's a pig laying
on his stomach, there's a man
holding up and showing his
muscles. And each of these is a
different picture.
There's a cactus running.
There is the bear.
Hypnotizing a a man.
In a hula skirt.
There's a.
Another man standing on top of
a.
Stepping on top of a man who's
trying to see how strong his
stomach is, there's some man in
a joker's outfit.
Sitting on the ground.
Umm.
There are people chasing each
other in these pictures.
There's a man's face with a
brown mustache and.
Bald head fryer.
Bald head.
There's a.
A fish that has legs like a
human. A green fish.
There's a man milking a dog.
Maybe a cow.
Umm.
There's a house where a man is
pushing his head up through the
roof. It's a thatch roof.
There are two.
Two guys with white pants and
red shirts and one of them has a
head.
his arms? Not sure.
Umm.
Yep, it's just a variety of
pictures. Here's a man hanging
over a fence. Another picture
he's just.
It's a wooden fence that he's
hanging over.
There's a man stuck in a
snowball with his arms in his
head and.
And his leg sticking out.
And.
There's a man, shooting eggs at
somebody's back.
And a Red dragon face.
#END_picture_this
Is that enough or do you?
No longer.
That's good. Let me see what's
next.
We'll load.
OK, NEXT is another complex
scene.
OK, I'm going to share my
screen. It's another scene.
#START_being_a_pirate OK, so
picture a scene where you're
looking at.
The ocean.
And on the right side of this,
of the ocean, is the beach area.
Where they have palm trees and
yellow sands and.
The scene is full of boats.
There's a few boats on shore and
there's also these are pirate
boats, these are.
Pirates coming and going from
their boats and some of them are
attacking.
Some of them, there's one very
large pirate ship.
That has three masts, 4 masts
and it's filled with pirates and
it's got.
Two or three Eagle's nests where
the pirates are standing up in
the top and the nest looking out
over the sea and at the
attacking the Marauders. And
there are.
Pirates climbing the mast to try
to get to the top.
And there are.
Cannons firing.
Onto the boat and off of the
boat towards the attacking
boats.
And.
Basically, it's a scene of.
Chaos with.
Attacking. The pirates coming
from the shore, attacking the
boat that is in the harbor, and.
So there are three big boats in
the harbor.
And many many smaller rowboats
that hold about.
10 pirates in each boat and some
of those boats have cannons on
them that are shooting into the
big boat that are trying to
capture the boats.
But the big boat is trying to
defend itself as best as
possible, and so it's also
shooting its cannons. It has
three different cannons that
face the shore.
And it's shooting at the boats
that are coming from the shore
that are filled with pirates.
And.
There are, some of the pirates
are still on the beach waiting
to, for a boat to come and get
them. And also in the middle of
all of this is a large octopus
green octopus who has a couple
of the pirates in his.
Tentacles.
And he has some holding them up
in the air, looking like he's
ready to throw them into the
water.
And.
There are lots. There are
several pirate flags with skull
and crossbones crossbones.
On it.
And most of the pirates are.
Or some of the pirates are
wearing.
Blue and white shirts.
And a lot of them have.
Their red kerchiefs on their
heads that are tied like typical
pirates wear, and they've got
their swords and their.
Umm.
Waldo.
Uh.
Somebody's even walking the
plank they've got.
So it looks like.
Maybe the people in the blue and
white shirts.
Are the ones that are being
attacked by because one of them
is being forced to walk the
plank.
By a pirate in red and he has
this sword and the pirate or the
the person in the blue and
white, if he is a pirate.
He's worried he's going to drop
off the edge any minute into the
water.
Umm.
And it looks like.
In one of the crows nests, one
of the attacking boats shot.
A Cannon ball into the pirates'
nest and blew it up. And so some
of the pirates are flying all
over the place and some of their
limbs and heads and things are
floating there.
Umm.
And then along the coast where
the beaches there's.
Some waves.
.And some people, some of the
pirates are floating in the
waves.
That's the pirate scene.
#END_being_a_pirate
OK, OK, perfect and let me
click.